for Israel it seems nowhere in Gaza is
off limits every bomb dropped every
rocket fired Israel says targets Hamas
positions but many perhaps most are
hitting densely populated civilian
areas Sunday afternoon another major
Gaza hospital is threatened with a worst
case scenario Al koods is Sheltering
14,000 people some wounded many
displaced after weeks of of bombardment
the hospital director says there is
nothing here for Israel to
hit there is no reason in the hospital
there is no police presence no military
presence nothing at all just thousands
of Palestinians here many of whom have
lost their homes thousands of others are
seeking shelter and unra schools and
Israel is targeting every single
building around Al's Hospital why is
that nobody
knows Israeli messages to patients and
Hospital administrat aters with orders
to leave were accompanied by air strikes
targeting areas close
by it follows a familiar pattern Israel
has hit dozens of other health
facilities in Gaza the latest threat
comes nearly 2 weeks after an attack on
the alahi Baptist Hospital killed
hundreds of people including
children Israel denies responsibility
what will happen with the hospitals if
the International Community whatever
that is is not getting a ceasefire in
place and opening Gaza and getting in
fuel water food and medical supplies we
will see a disaster of a magnitude that
I don't think we have seen in modern
times so the most important medical
thing to do now is to stop the bombing
and lift The
Siege Al Good's doctors say any kind of
evacuation is impossible there are too
many patients who need care and anyway
there is nowhere safe to go the only
country in the world that can prevent
Israel now from bombarding this hospital
as they have done to 56 other health
facilities that they completely
destroyed the only country that can stop
that is the United States of America
because there is more in United Nations
International presence there that can
provide protection the World Health
Organization issued a statement
expressing deep concern for the safety
of patients and Palestinian Sheltering
there such sentiment of little use in
the face of Israeli bombs and missiles
Zay basravi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer